en, zh: update notes for tidb-cluster chart (#766)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/notes-tidb-operator-v1.1.md

| Drainer | [tidb-drainer chart](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/tree/master/charts/tidb-drainer) |
| Importer | [tikv-importer chart](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/tree/master/charts/tikv-importer) |

> - PingCAP will continue releasing new versions of the tidb-cluster chart but will not add new features to it. However, community members can still add new features to it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PingCAP will continue releasing new versions of the tidb-cluster chart, but will not add new features to it. Meanwhile, contributors are welcome to develop new features for the tidb-cluster chart.
```
